Document MongoDB native query security best practices (#810)
hasura/ddn-docs: docs/reference/connectors/mongodb/native-operations/native-mutations.mdx

This will create a mutation called `"insertUser"` which takes two arguments called `"artistId"` of type `int`, and
`"name"` of type `string`. The query will return an object with the keys `"ok"` and `"n"` and the values as `int`s.

Native Queries can take arguments using the placeholder syntax, `"{{argument_name}}"`. Arguments must be specified along
with their type.

:::danger Avoid code injection

> When placeholders are substituted arguments are **not** sanitized. It is up to you as author of a native query to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When placeholders are substituted arguments are **not** sanitized. It is up to you as the author of a native query to
```

construct the query to avoid potential code injection. See [Security Best Practices](./security-best-practices.mdx).

:::

> To add the native query to your data graph you need to update metadata with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the native query to your supergraph you need to update the metadata with
```
